A guy's workroom.
In the last lecture, we created all this fields.
And in order for us to be able to use all this fields, we pass it on to the code structure.
So any time we call this product class, they're going to need to pass in all this required fields.
Okay.
So now in this lecture, we're going to continue from where we start.
Now, what we're going to do is we're going to go to the widget directory, then we're going to go to
the fields of IS products.
Right.
And over here, we can use control a bit to make this white.
Okay.
Like I secretly we just read in our data statically.
So what you can do is you can render dynamic data.
Okay.
So over here.
They're going to create a list, a list of products, your product model and against all this terrible
quarterly score.
So that's.
There is a core to a list.
Right.
Okay.
It is, right?
Now we can then call the products model class.
Okay.
You can see is asking for the ID tie to description.
Price an image url for the category name.
Right.
Okay.
Quantity.
Now you're going to use all this.
For the idea of the product ID is going to be the name of the product.
Okay.
So.
They're going to call this Gucci.
It's going to be goosey and oversize, I think.
Hopefully said that we.
And.
For the title, which is the name of the products as Gucci.
Of our size.
Before we said that we look for the description.
That is the description of the products.
We can then say go see.
Is one of.
The best.
Seven Clothes and the universe.
Okay.
Great.
Now for the price is a double.
So it's going to be.
929..
They can just see.
Okay.
What's this?
Dollar against the next 9 to 9 nine.
Okay.
I did work away.
I think we can answer the key into that.
That's okay.
So we're going to need.
I was going to say $99.99.
Right.
Okay.
George, are they in it?
Are the kids this trig when it's just because they're her dad or the it was your will is going to be
assets.
So it's slash wages slash forever.
One does p.
Angie.
Okay.
And for the product category name.
They can.
Get rid of this.
It's going to be close.
Okay.
And for the quantity we can see, we have to be stuck.
I get you.
Come over here.
And how did you recover and then use control and save.
Right.
Okay.
Now we can of another.
Can't face this.
Okay.
For the ID, which is also the product name.
We can call this t shirt.
And as well.
See the shows.
You can't say.
T shirts.
For the price.
In 1999.
I've seen the $99 just go.
We have to.
And as well it is the clothes category.
Okay.
Not to display this item, all you have to do is to get rid of this.
It's called products.
Products like the other passengers rockets.
Then you're going to see zero.
The zero is referring to the first product.
But that is the Indians.
Indians is referring to the starting point.
So this is the first.
This is one.
So it is a zero.
And this is one, right?
Okay.
So we're going to assess the first.
So it is zero.
Then you're going to say darts.
It was your will if for any reason you can't is showing that IRL you can convert it.
String.
I took.
And for the name of the products.
But.
And they should be named.
Okay.
Get rid of this as well.
He's going to be on his car for God's.
Zero.
Then there's going to be darts.
It's okay because of us.
It's for that.
Okay.
The.
For the book does the tie to the product.
Okay for the price.
We need to get rid of this as well.
So there's going to be products.
On this score.
Sorry.
This is going to be on the score for.
That's.
Then darts.
I think for adults, then the zero, that is the first item that is going to be the prize.
Okay.
We can go out to string to string and adhere to the core.
Great and now we can use contribute in there to save.
And go check.
Just feels out.
Okay.
You can see.
Is The Wire.
You can see all the assets in the.
Early access in the.
First.
It's their rights.
Okay.
So now in investiture, you're going to learn and also assess all individual a.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.